The purpose of this project was to make a relatively basic survey form with most of content learned from the 4 previous lesson-projects. 

No actual context was given, even though there was an example to follow but not copy. With that in mind, I chose to make it a Total War related form, since it is a franchise I'm very much into. I made sure to include a link that redirects to the Total War website on a new tab, for those that see the form but don't know what it is.

All of the functionalities in the form were requested for the project to be valid. What this means is that every field and every type of field was required and not an optional addition by me. Functionality aside, I added a little footer note, a very basic visual flourish on the background and also the link I mentioned previously, since such an element wasn't required. The idea was to have the color of the outer part of the background meld with the color of the form at the center (using radial-gradient). I'd prefer for it to be more in the shape of a rectangle when converging (which is the shape of the form) instead of a circle, but, since I actually hadn't even touched the radial-gradient function (in the context of the previous lessons), I suppose that would be a little more advanced than what I should be dealing with at the time. I had ChatGPT help me for that radial function, but after seeing the code, it was quite easy to understand. The only problem at that moment was that I had only messed with the linear-gradient function and didn't know the radial function existed. 

Even though this project was quite basic, I was happy to get all the functionalities working the first time with only a few tweaks needed to satisfy the requirements for the project validity. It might not be the prettiest but it works as intended and since I'm learning HTML and CSS, I believe the visual aspect, even though it is important, is secondary to the function.
